README.md, before:

# GCP Professional Cloud Architect

Welcome to my journey of preparing for the **Google Cloud Professional Cloud Architect** certification. This repository is a collection of my notes, case study analyses, practice questions, and resources to help others prepare for the exam.

---

## Table of Contents

1. [Repository Overview](#repository-overview)
2. [Study Plan](#study-plan)
3. [Resources](#resources)
4. [How to Use This Repository](#how-to-use-this-repository)

---

## Repository Overview

This repository is organized as follows:

- **Notes**: Topic-wise notes aligned with the exam guide.
  - `01-introduction-notes.md`
  - `02-business-requirements-notes.md`
  - ...
- **Case Studies**: Detailed analyses of the official case studies.
  - `case-studies/ehr-healthcare.md`
  - `case-studies/mountkirk-games.md`
  - ...
- **Practice Questions**: Sample questions for each topic.
  - `practice-questions/sample-questions.md`
- **Reference Architectures**: Common GCP architecture patterns.
  - `reference-architectures/`
- **Private Folder**: Contains personal resources (not included in the repository).

---

## Study Plan

My study plan includes:
1. Reviewing the [official exam guide](https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/professional_cloud_architect_exam_guide_english.pdf).
2. Analyzing the [case studies](https://cloud.google.com/certification/guides/cloud-architect).
3. Practicing hands-on labs and exercises.
4. Taking mock exams and refining weak areas.

---

## Resources

- [Google Cloud Architecture Center](https://cloud.google.com/architecture)
- [Exam Guide](https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/professional_cloud_architect_exam_guide_english.pdf)
- [Case Studies](https://cloud.google.com/certification/guides/cloud-architect)
- [Progress Tracker (Google Sheet)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aO-ETdX8ppKcnf7SH76AMA_zvG2HVg63iC-fRA1Ywm8/edit?usp=sharing)

---

## How to Use This Repository

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>

Commit message:

update readme with **Study Guide** details

README.md, after:

# GCP Professional Cloud Architect

Welcome to my journey of preparing for the **Google Cloud Professional Cloud Architect** certification. This repository is a collection of my notes, case study analyses, practice questions, and resources to help others prepare for the exam.

---

## Table of Contents

1. [Repository Overview](#repository-overview)
2. [Study Plan](#study-plan)
3. [Resources](#resources)
4. [How to Use This Repository](#how-to-use-this-repository)

---

## Repository Overview

This repository is organized as follows:

- **Notes**: Topic-wise notes aligned with the exam guide.
  - `01-introduction-notes.md`
  - `02-business-requirements-notes.md`
  - ...
- **Case Studies**: Detailed analyses of the official case studies.
  - `case-studies/ehr-healthcare.md`
  - `case-studies/mountkirk-games.md`
  - ...
- **Practice Questions**: Sample questions for each topic.
  - `practice-questions/sample-questions.md`
- **Reference Architectures**: Common GCP architecture patterns.
  - `reference-architectures/`
- **Private Folder**: Contains personal resources (not included in the repository).

---

## Study Plan

My study plan includes:
1. Reviewing the [official exam guide](https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/professional_cloud_architect_exam_guide_english.pdf).
2. Analyzing the [case studies](https://cloud.google.com/certification/guides/cloud-architect).
3. Practicing hands-on labs and exercises.
4. Taking mock exams and refining weak areas.

---

## Resources

- [Google Cloud Architecture Center](https://cloud.google.com/architecture)
- [Exam Guide](https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/professional_cloud_architect_exam_guide_english.pdf)
- [Case Studies](https://cloud.google.com/certification/guides/cloud-architect)
- [Progress Tracker (Google Sheet)](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aO-ETdX8ppKcnf7SH76AMA_zvG2HVg63iC-fRA1Ywm8/edit?usp=sharing)
- **Study Guide**: *Google Cloud Certified Professional Cloud Architect Study Guide* by Dan Sullivan (Second Edition). This book includes practice exams, flashcards, and a glossary of key terms.

---

## How to Use This Repository

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
